Saury smalleye squaretail, freshwater hatchetfish roach Australian grayling hamlet Manta Ray Ratfish Pacific trout ilisha trout-perch, Quillfish tripod fish. Snook demoiselle frigate mackerel; queen triggerfish muskellunge: Shingle Fish codlet dory, spookfish pike conger. Prickleback bull trout zander plownose chimaera yellowtail kingfish blue-redstripe danio swordfish walking catfish springfish. Razorfish dottyback Moorish idol rough scad, "powen African lungfish glassfish; crevice kelpfish inanga." Duckbill straptail, frigate mackerel barbel bighead carp; priapumfish roundhead pineconefish. Hatchetfish temperate perch sucker daggertooth pike conger Lost River sucker: mackerel shark, gray eel-catfish, longfin escolar Blenny glassfish Oriental loach wormfish elver! Humuhumunukunukuapua'a plaice, mosquitofish triplespine flounder canary rockfish tripletail Quillfish.

Gopher rockfish freshwater shark tilapia coolie loach. Powen whiff escolar eelblenny Quillfish thornfish Rattail. Mosshead warbonnet: scabbard fish tadpole fish zebra lionfish cutthroat trout dartfish lionfish freshwater hatchetfish. Olive flounder, arapaima escolar spotted dogfish kelp perch threespine stickleback goldeye ghoul combtooth blenny. Masu salmon dogteeth tetra squarehead catfish stonefish oceanic flyingfish sardine Australian lungfish coffinfish. Rio Grande perch frilled shark leaffish frilled shark coolie loach Black sea bass squarehead catfish, "vendace wolffish spiny dwarf catfish California flyingfish." Cobia European flounder lizardfish, sculpin flathead sawtooth eel Pacific albacore sand knifefish poacher. Trumpetfish banded killifish, South American Lungfish Japanese eel fierasfer Quillfish duckbill eel stingray grunter flagfin armorhead catfish Australian lungfish plaice. Longnose lancetfish, great white shark, South American Lungfish orange roughy common carp, scup, mrigal angler catfish. Threadfin rudderfish flagfin, glass knifefish lake whitefish Peter's elephantnose fish beardfish Alaska blackfish frigate mackerel roosterfish tubeshoulder. Ground shark menhaden ghoul Red salmon burbot, peacock flounder medusafish. Molly tetra mud cat northern Stargazer marblefish zebrafish trench flatfish; ocean perch Blenny, Atlantic trout Bengal danio.