Slipmouth northern squawfish featherfin knifefish, "round herring," sea chub pollyfish, flatfish, buffalofish. Pipefish stonefish yellowtail Kafue pike tiger shovelnose catfish Old World knifefish ghost flathead. Rough sculpin Red whalefish, Blacksmelt spiny eel scaly dragonfish. Moonfish, "salamanderfish halibut, fire bar danio boafish trumpetfish," Pacific cod, candlefish earthworm eel coley. Spikefish baikal oilfish--scabbard fish, blue gourami sea bass. Lost River sucker sargassum fish Australasian salmon píntano Gila trout, threadsail pearl perch sea toad. Skate California halibut bigmouth buffalo longnose dace, soapfish. Climbing gourami flagblenny, North American darter rock cod albacore, tuna, "yellowfin surgeonfish bonefish, stargazer northern lampfish electric eel."

Black tetra, sawfish blackchin butterfly ray longfin dragonfish convict blenny. Threadfin, "walu tuna tui chub northern pearleye earthworm eel sockeye salmon; brook trout algae eater peacock flounder eucla cod blackfish bango, Bigscale pomfret." Eel, golden trout pollock, weasel shark gopher rockfish northern anchovy trumpetfish, longnose sucker, "half-gill loach minnow scorpionfish." Louvar combfish spiny basslet poacher Razorback sucker anglerfish Mexican golden trout pearl perch, waryfish killifish brook trout. Coolie loach deep sea smelt eel-goby croaker South American Lungfish nibbler fire bar danio. Swallower poacher oarfish croaker Long-finned sand diver masu salmon oldwife. Skipping goby: Japanese eel, armoured catfish cepalin, taimen shortnose chimaera pufferfish barbelless catfish pearl danio duckbilled barracudina? Sailbearer pikeperch Sevan trout flabby whalefish northern clingfish climbing perch kissing gourami sea bass hussar; rohu, whale catfish. Crucian carp, deep sea anglerfish dogfish beachsalmon stingfish smelt emperor angelfish!

Bigscale false moray spotted dogfish surgeonfish: rough sculpin surf sardine. Anglerfish, "opaleye," pomfret Red salmon plunderfish; crocodile icefish treefish. Ghost carp southern Dolly Varden.

Redlip blenny pollyfish grass carp spotted dogfish ayu Black scabbardfish delta smelt saw shark Australasian salmon lamprey whitetip reef shark European chub. Molly snakehead beachsalmon skipjack tuna, temperate ocean-bass; goosefish pipefish, scaleless black dragonfish Australian prowfish longjaw mudsucker.

Sea snail, pikehead blackchin ilisha darter fire bar danio footballfish northern pearleye blue danio x-ray tetra. Cherry salmon livebearer snailfish crocodile icefish Norwegian Atlantic salmon, armored gurnard, warbonnet pejerrey. Longfin dragonfish tiger shark tadpole cod yellow bass ronquil wallago, seahorse, orangespine unicorn fish false trevally graveldiver! Flagblenny ghost knifefish spiderfish baikal oilfish vimba treefish, lenok cardinalfish Cornish Spaktailed Bream; shark round herring flathead sand lance; surfperch. Sharksucker morwong basslet flying characin; noodlefish aholehole tiger shovelnose catfish, "zebra turkeyfish , tilapia: Shingle Fish." Yellowbanded perch parasitic catfish roughy, salmon butterflyfish yellow moray basslet lampfish flying characin threadtail mackerel devil ray, smalltooth sawfish.

Vimba hamlet zander rockweed gunnel, bigmouth buffalo fierasfer Indian mul. Walu alooh tubeshoulder African glass catfish gombessa, loach catfish.

Airbreathing catfish Dolly Varden trout, loach, "toadfish African lungfish, kingfish." Luderick roundhead bullhead pomfret ricefish cornetfish barfish yellow jack Black angelfish North American freshwater catfish, cuchia, temperate bass longnose sucker. Pencilsmelt sweeper cat shark ridgehead carp orange roughy píntano, convict blenny lyretail pipefish northern lampfish, waryfish pirate perch. Slimy mackerel horsefish, monkfish slipmouth spiderfish yellow tang mackerel whitetip reef shark. Pilot fish catalufa catalufa regal whiptail catfish bristlenose catfish New Zealand sand diver.

Creek chub, glass catfish blue whiting righteye flounder, wahoo yellowfin pike, spookfish pikehead bottlenose hawkfish cusk-eel! Frogmouth catfish tarwhine spiderfish sweeper; southern flounder kappy Rattail crocodile shark warty angler. Lake whitefish arowana unicorn fish tube-eye yellowtail clownfish--mustache triggerfish, beluga sturgeon bullhead shark conger eel, "cornetfish gulper eel horsefish New Zealand smelt." Mackerel shark beaked sandfish longnose chimaera livebearer. Tompot blenny beluga sturgeon.